this perfume is created by robots which
can apparently create the perfect scent
for every single person the company is
called every human and when you first
walk into the store you cannot not see
this absolute laboratory of a machine
that they use to craft this stuff you
pull up the company's website on your
phone and you use it to answer questions
about yourself it's like everything from
the home City you grew up in to using
sliders to assess how well you can
handle certain situations the website
then creates you a code you type that
code into the machine and this is where
it gets caught your specific bottle gets
passed along this be belt and every
single syringe is surgically injecting
apparently just the right amount of each
individual component to craft this
perfect perfume but Aaron one Aaron 2
Aaron three you invented so Aaron one oh
God very fruity and also very earthy
number two smells like alcohol it's been
burnt number three oh it's like a gentle
seab breeze which is exactly what I
tried to turn as my dream getaway
location